User Story

Task-1 : Find the Employee Income

Description :
             AS A Python Developer, I WANT to read the employee data. SO THAT, i can find the second employee income and print that employee income in the jupyter Notebook.

Acceptance Criteria:
                    1) Give a set of employee details to a variable
                    2) Select the any one of the employee key value and the employee income
                    3) Print the employee income



Task-2 : Finding the Even Index

Description :
             AS A Python Developer, I WANT to create one numpy array. SO THAT, i can find the even index position and the result should be visible in jupyter Notebook.

Acceptance Criteria:
                    1) Import the numpy as np
                    2) Assign the list of array to the variable
                    3) By using 'where' command and do the even operation
                    4) Print the result of that even index position

Task-3 : Filtering Data

Description:
            AS A Python Developer, I WANT to read csv file and count the record and that quantity in the east region. SO THAT, i can find how many records sold and the total quantity in east region.

Acceptance Criteria:    For count the records sold
                    1) Read csv file and assign to a dataframe
                    2) Take the region from the dataframe
                    3) Count the records sold in the east region
                    4) Print how many records are count in the east region

                        For the total quantity sold
                    1) Read the csv file and assign to a dataframe
                    2) Sum the quantity in the dataframe
                    3) Print the total quantity sold in the east region

Task-4 : Sorting Data

Description:
            AS A Python Developer, I WANT to read csv file and sort the south region in the csv file and customer ID. SO THAT, i can print one column in descending order and the customer ID.

Acceptance Criteria:
                    1) We should read a csv file
                    2) Sort the values of any column
                    3) And then do descending order of that column
                    4) Take the dataframe of a particular column
                    5) Print the sort values and the customer ID

Task-5 : Scatter Plot

Description:
            AS A Python Developer, I WANT to plot a scatter plot. SO THAT, i can analyze the values of x and y axis.

Acceptance Criteria:
                    1) First import the matplotlib
                    2) Take the x and y axis with same range of values
                    3) Indicate one with a color and other without color
                    4) Use alpha and legend function
                    5) Compare the 2 scatter plot
                    6) Add the marker to that scatter plot
                    7) Display the output of that scatter plot


 ----Sample User Story for student Login----

Description :
            AS A student, I WANT to have a login functionality. SO THAT, i can successfully login and use school management software.

Scope :
       Build a login Page
       Student Validation
       Student should be able to change the password
       It should work in all the browsers
       It should also work in mobile

Pre-Condition :

Student should have registered in school management software

Acceptance Criteria:

Scenario-1: User can successfully Login
'Given' i am on Login Page
'And' i give valid username and password
'And' i click on Sign In
'Then' i will successfully Login In

Scenario-2: Student cannot Login Successfully
'Given' i am a Login Page
'And' i give In-valid Username and Password
'And' i click on Sign In
'Then' i will get error message and 'Login Failed, Invalid username and Password'

Scenario-3: Student can reset password
'Given' i am on Login Page
'And' i click on forgot password
'And' i will receive a Reset password Link to Email ID
'And' i follow the link and provide new password
'And' i click on Reset Button
'And' new password will be set
'And' i provide username and new password and click on Sign In
'Then' i should Login Successfully