USER STORIES


TASK-1

Story: 
Data Frames and Functions

Description/Target:
As a Python developer, I would like to describe the table using data frame in pandas and complete the given queries and print the output in Jupyter notebook.


Acceptance Criteria:

a) Describe or convert the given array into data frame table with 2columns and 8rows using pandas.
b) From the data frame, print the first 5 rows using the head() function.
c) Printing the last 5 rows from Data frame using the tail() function.
d) From the data frame print the first 6 rows.
e) Printing the sales data in the data frame where the sales is less than 200.
f) Finding the Sum and Average of sales from the given data frame.
g) From the data frame finding the sum of prices.

TASK-2

Story:
Numpy Array

Description/ Target:
As a Python developer, I should be able to read the array using numpy module, complete the given queries and print the output in Jupyter Notebook.

Acceptance Criteria:

a) Read the array
b) Using the numpy module, I should print the first 4 values from the given array.
c) From the given array print the values from 2nd to 5th position using index.



TASK-3

Story: 
File Handling (Store CSV file)

Description/Target:
As a Python developer, I want to read the given CSV file (store) using the pandas, numpy module and add different new columns and print the output in Jupyter Notebook.

Acceptance Criteria:

a) Reading the given CSV file by importing numpy, pandas.
b) In the given CSV file add new column of cost, using sales and profit column and print the new csv file(store).
c) Adding new column of Final, to check the profit using where condition if profit is greater than 500 print Yes, if it is less print No.
d) Printing the new CSV file with 2 new columns added to the file.



TASK-4

Story:
Donut chart

Description/Target:
As a Python Developer, I want to write a python code using numpy and matplotlib modules and plot a donut chart to display the data in graphical format for easy analysis and show the chart in Jupyter Notebook.


Acceptance Criteria:

a) Plot a donut chart with simple random data and default colors.
b) Using the given data, plot a donut chart to find the number of students per subject.
c) Plotting a donut chart of particular column (Duration) by reading CSV file i.e,data.csv and analyse the different durations from the chart.
